Runtime 6.0.4 release notes (#1483)
astronomer/docs: astro/runtime-release-notes.md

To upgrade Astro Runtime, see [Upgrade Astro Runtime](upgrade-runtime.md). For general product release notes, see [Astro Release Notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

## Astro Runtime 6.0.4

- Release date: November 14, 2022
- Airflow version: 2.4.3

> ### Support for ARM64 and Apple M1 processors in local development 
> 
> :::warning Astro CLI version dependency 
> 
> To deploy a project using Astro Runtime 6.0.4 to Astro, you must use Astro CLI version 1.5.0 or later or else the deploy will fail. See [Install the CLI](install-cli.md).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ARM64-based images for faster local development with Apple M1

:::caution

To deploy a project using Astro Runtime 6.0.4 and an Apple M1 computer to Astro, you must use Astro CLI version 1.4.0 or later or else the deploy will fail. See [Install the CLI](install-cli.md).

```

:::

> Astro Runtime images now support both AMD64 and ARM64 processor architectures for local development. Because the Astro Runtime image tag is multi-arch, it automatically uses the correct distribution for the architecture on which you're running the image. 
> 
> Users testing Airflow locally on ARM64-based processors, such as the Apple M1, should see a significant performance improvement when starting Airflow using `astro dev start`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro Runtime images now support both AMD64 and ARM64 processor architectures for local development. When you install Astro Runtime 6.0.4+, Docker automatically runs the correct architecture based on the computer you're using.

If you run the Astro CLI on a Mac computer that uses the [Apple M1 Silicon chip](https://www.apple.com/newsroom/2020/11/apple-unleashes-m1/), which is an ARM-based system, you will see a significant performance improvement when running `astro dev start`. In many cases, running a multi-architecture Astro Runtime image will decrease the amount of time it takes for Airflow to start from over 5 minutes to less than 2 minutes.

For more information on developing locally with the Astro CLI, see [Develop a Project](develop-project.md)
```

### Airflow 2.4.3 

Astro Runtime 6.0.4 includes same-day support for Airflow 2.4.3, which includes a collection of bug fixes. Fixes include:

- Make `RotatingFilehandler` used in `DagProcessor` non-caching ([27223](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/27223))
- Fix double logging with some task logging handler ([27591](https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/27591))

> For a complete list of commits, see the [Apache Airflow 2.4.3 release notes](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/release_notes.html#airflow-2-4-3-2022-11-14).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a complete list of the changes, see the [Apache Airflow 2.4.3 release notes](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/release_notes.html#airflow-2-4-3-2022-11-14).
```

### Additional improvements 

- Upgraded `openlineage-airflow` to 0.16.1. This release includes the `DefaultExtractor`, which allows you to extract the default available OpenLineage data for external operators without needing to write a custom extractor. See the [OpenLineage changelog](https://github.com/OpenLineage/OpenLineage/releases/tag/0.16.1) for more information. 

> - Upgraded `astronomer-providers` to 1.11.1, which includes bug fixes. For a complete list of changes, see the [Astronomer Providers changelog](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers/blob/main/CHANGELOG.rst#1111-2022-10-28).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Upgraded `astronomer-providers` to 1.11.1, which includes bug fixes. For a complete list of the changes, see the [Astronomer Providers changelog](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers/blob/main/CHANGELOG.rst#1111-2022-10-28).
```
